[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is "Secret
Life of Symbols."
>> So much of the world today
is ill informed about symbols
and signs.
That's what I do.
I try and help
people to understand
the symbolism, the signs, the
hidden indicators of where
we are in the period of
time, and where we're going,
and what's coming, because
actually today there
is so much violence and
hatred among peoples
and different groups,
because no one seems
to understand we are all
one people on the Earth.
And we all have one history
of the Earth and the times
in which we're living.
And so we need to realize that
all the different religions are
basically telling
us certain things
about the ordinances of heaven.
I think it will help
the world and where
we're going if we all start
looking at symbols and emblems
and educating ourselves
to what these things mean.
In Job 38:33, where it says--
God is saying to
Job, can you bind
the chains of the Pleiades?
The Pleiades is one of the
constellations in the heavens.
And so here, God
is saying, can you
bind the chains of the Pleiades?
Can you lean toward
the constellations
and their seasons?
And then it says in 33, "do you
know the ordinances of heaven?"
The ordinances simply means
a decree or law or directive.
It's the law, to understand.
So God is asking Job, do
you understand the laws
that govern the heavens?
I'm asking the same
question today.
First of all, in order to
know the ordinances of heaven,
you must know the most
important part or feature
of the laws of heaven.
The word in the
Bible is Mazzaroth,
the ordinances of heaven.
If you go to Job 38:32, you
will see the word Mazzaroth.
And in the footnotes, it
says the signs of the zodiac.
Now a lot of people think
that the zodiac should not
be connected to Christianity
or the Bible at all.
Actually, in point
of fact, the zodiac
is the basis for both the
Old and New Testaments.
When you consult
Bible references,
like the Bible dictionaries
and encyclopedias,
if you look up the
word Mazzaroth,
it will tell you it's the
12 signs of the zodiac.
We are given to
understand in the Bible
that God created the zodiac.
And that may sound
strange to a lot of people
because most people think
of the zodiac as something
evil, especially
in Christianity.
But, no, the zodiac is the basis
for much of our learning today,
much of our symbolism
today, especially
in religion and politics.
I mean, even the watch you
wear is 12 signs of the zodiac,
or the 12 signs
that go in a circle.
And that's what the word
zodiac means, the 12 signs.
We talk about the Kingdom
of God all the time,
but most people don't realize
what the kingdom really is.
We humans put
different life forms
into different categories.
We say fish are in schools,
and cattle are in herds.
What kind of life forms do we
humans say are in a kingdom
if it isn't animals?
Animal kingdom.
The Greeks came up with
the idea that the zodiac
was a kingdom of animals
that circle the earth.
And so when we say
in our prayers,
even in the Roman
system that gave us
a lot of our understanding
of the zodiac today,
we say in our
prayers, our father,
who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Let thy kingdom
come, and let thy
will be done, on the
Earth as it is in heaven.
We are living our
lives in the zodiac.
All cultures in
the world recognize
that the zodiac is
important in their theology,
in their belief systems.
And when you go to Bible
bookstores or bibles
seminaries, go into
the large libraries.
And you will begin to
see that there are so
many books that are written
by Christian and Jewish
theologians and people
who study religions.
"Wycliffe Bible
Commentary" talks about
"to qualify as a director and
judge a man's life on Earth,
one must be able to govern
the heavenly bodies that
rule the earth.
Note the repeated
mention of the influence
of the atmospheric or astral
heavens on earthly affairs."
We're talking astrology.
Here in "The New
Interpreter's Bible," it says,
"some connection between
what happens in the heavens
and what happens on Earth is
presupposed in the question"
that Job is being
asked by God, if he
knows the ordinances of heaven.
Being asked that question
obviously means that God has
a sign, ordinances in heaven.
And we're calling it
the zodiac, Mazzaroth.
Let's go back to Genesis 1:14
while we're on this subject.
And in Genesis, the first book
of the Bible, the first page,
says, "God said
let there be lights
in the firmament of the
heavens to divide the day
from the night.
And let them be for signs."
Another Bible translation
says, "and God
said let there be light
holders in the firmament
of the heavens, to divide
the day from night.
And let them be for signs."
The word signs means
things to come in Hebrew.
The word for signs,
the word is oth,
O-T-H. This is a
Hebrew word which
is translated in the Bible
as just things to come.
Well, that's what the
zodiac purports to do.
It tells you about
things to come.
All Christians are
aware that Jesus
says to his apostles
that in my father's house
are many mansions.
Dictators and kings
have always felt
that there is a mansion
in heaven for them.
Well, it's a misunderstanding.
The incorrect way is to
say in my father's house
are many mansions.
But other translations
say, in my father's house
are many abodes.
Abodes is where you live.
Where you are is in your abode.
In my father's abode are
many dwelling places.
Oh, now we're getting to
it, because the heavens
is where God is.
And if God is in
heaven, the scripture
says that in my father's
abode are many houses,
are many resting places for
the sun, houses of the zodiac.
Basically, it
boils down to this,
that both the Old
and New Testament
are based on astrology.
The 12 signs that the zodiac
is part of the number 12
in Christianity.
There were 12 tribes of Israel,
the 12 brothers of Joseph,
the 12 breastplate stones
on the high priest,
and then the 12 Apostles.
Look in the Bible, and you will
see how many times 12 is used.
It's all based on the
12 signs of the zodiac.
There was no 12
tribes of Israel.
Each one of those signs
in the 12 tribes of Israel
was an astrological indicator as
to what each month represented
in the ancient Jewish religion.
And the ancient Jewish
religion understood this.
It's people today who
are not studying theology
do not understand that the whole
of the Old and New Testament
is a metaphor.
"HarperCollins Study
Dictionary" says
"the Lord made the
constellations,"
the Pleiades and Orion.
I don't know how one can
read something like this
and not see that
the Bible is saying
God made the constellations
of the zodiac.
"New International
Bible" says he, God,
is the maker of the bear
and Orion and the Pleiades
and the constellations
of the South.
So if you want to find
fault with astrology,
then you'll find your fault
with the ideas and concepts
that God has put into
the heavens as laws.
Many philosophers have talked
about that foolish people,
ignorant and foolish people,
are dominated by the zodiac.
They don't know that their
personalities and things that
happen to them are because
of the stars and the moon
and the influence of
these heavenly signs,
but that wise people are
guided by these signs.
And so it occurred to me
that for thousands of years,
mankind has navigated around
the world on the high seas
by a knowledge of the stars.
And so the Bible is
saying you should navigate
your life by the stars.
Here we have a
typical publication
in Christianity talking
about astrology as satanic.
And that's why I'm spending
so much time talking
about the biblical
reference words,
saying that, no, it
is created by God.
It is not satanic.
If you really are interested
in the illogical and spiritual
subjects, especially in
relation to the Bible,
you need to get "The
Companion Bible" by Kregel,
because it's an
astounding work where
it gives one half of the
page is the scripture.
The other half of each
page are the footnotes.
And the footnotes will
actually blow you away
because it tells you the truth
about what these symbols really
mean and where they came from.
In the back of the Kregel
Bible, it talks about the word
and where it came from in
the Hebrew and what it means.
And it basically is saying that
it is telling you about things
to come, astrology.
So here we see the four seasons,
Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John,
writing a story about
their risen savior.
And what do you see them
all four writing about?
The sun, this is why
Jesus had 12 apostles.
Jesus represents God's
sun, not S-O-N, S-U-N.
Jesus is a metaphor in the
New Testament for the sun.
And he was our risen savior.
Of course, the sun
rises each morning.
You'll see this famous painting
where there are 12 apostles.
And to Jesus' right, there is
the first apostle to his right
is a woman.
A lot of people do not know that
one of the 12 Apostles of Jesus
was a woman.
Why?
Because there is
zodialogical sign call Virgo.
Virgo was a virgin.
That's why you have to
have one woman in there,
to represent Virgo.
The 12 Apostles are the
12 signs of the zodiac.
Now let's look at some of
the zodiac symbols used
in religious history.
And we'll start with
Taurus the bull.
The age of Taurus was
the age of agriculture,
when the cows and
animals that we were now
beginning to use
as food, that was
just one of the qualities
of the age of Taurus.
The age of Taurus is
between 4,400 and 2,200 BC.
And keep in mind
that Taurus the bull
was recognized all
over the world,
by all governments and all
religions of the world.
Everybody knew what it
meant, except us today.
So this is why you have
words like holy cow,
and the cow is still
holy in India today.
We see the Egyptians
worshipping the sun
between the horns of the bull.
The sun is very important to
the 12 sides of the zodiac.
Most people do not realize that
Taurus being in the heavens
as a constellational sign
was very, very important
to Judaism.
Here is Taurus,
the cow, the bull.
And he is in heaven.
You see the sun behind him.
So the sun is in the
age of Taurus, the bull.
And, of course, we have
many stories about the Jews
worshipping the golden calf.
People don't understand what
that story is all about.
Moses goes up to the
mountain to talk with God
because it is time
for God to change
the ordinances of heaven.
And it's important
here to remember
that each sign of
the constellation
lasts 2,150 years.
Every 2,150 years, the
world changes completely.
All the great religions
of the world realize that.
And now Moses comes down
with a new beginning
of a new way to worship
God, a new time when
God is going to be worshipped
in a different way.
And so Moses goes up to find
out what that new way of worship
that God wants people to do.
And so we have the story
of the golden calf, golden,
well, because the sun is golden.
And calf is a bull, so we have
the golden calf or the bull,
Taurus, and the sun
in the age of Taurus.
Today, Israel is trying to bring
back the good, old days of bull
worship.
But it's impossible
because Taurus is gone.
We're in the age of Pisces.
And they want to go
back to the old days.
The way we worshipped God in the
old days was the golden calf.
We are in Pisces, and we
are at the end of Pisces.
That's why the Christians
talk about the end
times we are living in, the
last days we are living in.
The last days of what?
The last days of Pisces.
So now we have to
find the perfect bull.
The Temple Institute
says that you
need to find a red heifer
that's born in Israel,
and it has to be
a particular bull.
The Israeli
government is planning
a new temple coming in Israel.
And, of course,
it will be assumed
that they're going
to go back to all
of the old ways of
the Taurus the bull.
Well, so therefore, they've
got this Jewish girl picking
fleas off of a cow
because they want
to make sure the bull is
going to be completely clean,
look his best, smell good, so
that they can cut his head off
and bring about the dispensation
of Taurus the bull again.
You can get the same bull
in Christian churches also.
Christians are equally as
ignorant and ill informed
about their foundations
of their religion.
Now you'll see this one shows
in the yellow square the bull.
The Catholic church
in the Vatican
realizes that there was
a time, 2,150 years long,
when God was ruling the Earth
through Taurus the bull.
And this is where we get
our idea of holy cow.
Let's look at another zodiac
symbol in religious history.
This is very important in
relation to Jewish history.
Ares the ram is the
next constellation
after Taurus the bull.
The Jewish system of
theology understood
that's 2,150 years has passed.
Now we move into the next age
that Moses brought us into,
because Moses brought us
into a new dispensation.
And when the Jewish
people would not
accept the idea at the time,
we are told in the Bible
that Moses became
so frustrated, he
threw down and broke the law.
So he was the first law breaker.
The astrological time of Ares
was from 2000 BC to 1 AD.
That's the 2,150-year period
of time that the Jews were now
to worship their God in
the age of Ares, the ram.
In Egypt, of course,
they have the ram.
You'll see the sun in
the age of Ares the ram.
The ram god is very
famous all over Egypt.
And Ares the ram is very
important not only in Egypt.
But in the Old
Testament Hebrew, you'll
still see it today,
Ares the ram.
That's why Jews
blow the ram's horn.
Instead of parading around with
a golden calf, the bull, now
today they blow the ram's horn.
And so they don't
realize that not
only that Jews blow
the ram's horn,
but there are many cultures
around the world that
blew the ram's horn during
the age of Ares the ram.
That's why today we have the
shofar are the ram's horns.
You go back to the
Vatican, and you
will see the same painting
that was with Taurus the bull.
Then you go back and
see Ares the ram.
Since AD 325, we
have been living
in the sign of the age of
Pisces, Pisces the two fish.
Christianity is the focal
point of what we call Pisces.
Pisces represents religion,
a different kind of religion.
Before it was Judaism.
Now there's Christianity
dominates the world.
And so it has nothing to do with
the Christians fighting Jews
or the Jews hating Christians.
It has to do with the symbolism
in which the world is living,
and we happen to be living
in the age of Pisces, the two
fish.
So Pisces is the age
of a new religion.
And if you remember that
God's sun, Jesus, S-U-N,
fed his followers in
the Bible with two fish,
this was in John 19.
It says two fish, that the young
boy who brought to Jesus five
loaves of bread and two fish.
It's a symbol of
the age of Pisces,
the time of Christianity
to dominate the world.
Then here it is
again in the Vatican.
You will see Pisces,
the sign in the zodiac.
Even in Chartres Cathedral,
the stained-glass windows
in the great church
even says Pisces.
The fish of the
early third century
appears to be the most
ancient Christian inscription.
And what do you see in the
inscription but two fish?
Pisces.
Even the Islamic religion today
recognizes the zodiac symbols
are from God.
The Islamic world has
many beautiful paintings
of the 12 signs of the zodiac.
So they understood that
the zodiac is from God,
and they have a very good
understanding, going back
to their ancient history, of
the symbols of the zodiac.
Then there is the discovery in
the oldest Christian church,
and this was really interesting.
There was an old
Christian church found,
and it was referred to as the
oldest single Christian church
ever found in Israel.
And it was a big story
at the time it came out.
In the area called
Megiddo, Israel
was going to build a wing
onto an existing building.
And so they had people go
out and clean up this area
where they're going to build
the new wing to the building.
And they wanted to dig
down to put the foundation.
And when they dug
down, they hit a floor.
They hit a mosaic floor.
And so they
discovered-- when they
started to clean the floor
off, what did they find?
Well, here they are when
they've cleaned off the area.
And what do you see on the
floor but the two fish, the two
fish of Pisces?
And you'll see the
round circle of the sun.
And the little smoke
going around the circle
is, of course, a sunburst.
And in the middle of the sun
is the two fish of Pisces.
So Israel is saying this is
the oldest church ever done
and ever built. Well,
there is Pisces,
the beginning of Christianity.
Christianity today is simply
the sun in the age of Pisces.
There are so many articles
talking about the zodiac
in relation to Jesus.
They don't realize Jesus is
the sun, a metaphor, S-U-N.
And it's talking about his 12
apostles or his 12 followers
are the 12 signs of the zodiac,
Jesus with his 12 apostles--
Matthew, Mark, Luke, and
John, the four seasons.
And this is why there are
three months in each season.
Christianity today is
replete with saying that we
are living in the last days.
We are living in the end times.
Of course, we are living in
the last days, of Pisces,
which means the next
one coming is going
to be the age of Aquarius.
Aquarius is the water bearer,
very important point here
that proves what we're
talking about as astrology.
We are now facing
the next 2,150 years,
when the sun will officially
be in the constellation
of Aquarius, the water bearer.
And so in the New Testament,
in the book of Luke 22,
the apostles are
asking Jesus, now
that you're going to die,
where are we going to go?
We are your 12 followers,
but where are we going to go?
And so Jesus answers them
in the book of Luke 22:10,
where Jesus said
unto them, "behold.
When you enter into
the city, there
shall a man meet you
bearing a pitcher of water.
Follow him into the house
where he enters in."
It's the house of Aquarius, and
Aquarius is the water bearer.
But we know that
this was talking
about an astrological sign.
Why?
Because men never
carried water, ever.
In the ancient world,
that was something
that a man would never
do, is to carry water.
That was a woman's job, period.
So why did Jesus say look for
the man with the water pitcher?
As an astrological sign.
The whole of the Bible,
both Old and New Testament,
is a metaphor.
It's a symbolic story
that the theologians have
known for hundreds of years.
But nobody is
telling the public.
That's why I think it's
important to bring this out,
that people need to know there's
nothing wrong with the zodiac.
The Bible, both Old and New
Testament, says God created it.
So if you're calling
down evil upon the zodiac
as a work of the
devil, that's not
what the scriptures say at all.
And like the scripture
says in the Bible,
when God said to
his people, do not
call down evil upon
something I have cleansed--
when I make something,
don't you call it evil--
well, this is what
I'm saying that we
need to keep in mind today.
When you talk about
astrology and the zodiac,
God made that, according
to the scriptures.
So we see the man
with the water pitcher
is all over the world
in Christian churches,
but the Christians
don't know that.
They don't understand
what these symbols mean.
The idea that most people
have about the coming age
of Aquarius is that it will
be an age where there will be
a lot more openness to society.
And people will be far easier
to find information and have
new ideas and new concepts.
What we're talking
about is trying
to educate the people of
this world to the fact
that the zodiac, as we
showed in the beginning,
dominates the Earth
and our heavens.
And we need to know the
ordinances of heaven.
And the ordinances of heaven
are basically the zodiac.
It rules the heavens
over the Earth.
I hope we've been able
to open your eyes to some
of the symbolic meanings
that we find in life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]